README.md, before:

# Udacity Machine Learning Nanodegree 
# Customer Segmentation Project

## Introduction

This is a project for Udacity's Data Scientist Nanodegree. In this project, I identified a group of people who are the potential core target for a mailing company by analyzing the general population. 
 I used unsupervised learning algorithm (K-Means) to cluster customers into groups based on the purchasing data.

## Concepts explored in this project:

Unsupervised learning algorithms like K-Means Clustering and Gaussian Mixture Model Clustering
- Feature Scaling
- Dimensionality reduction using Principle Component Analysis
- Outlier identification and removal
- Silhouette scores

To view the project, kindly open Identify_Customer_Segements.ipynb. 
To know the description of the features kindly refer the Data_Dictionary.md.

80% of the time was utilized pre-processing and cleaning the data. Hope you enjoy going through it :)

If you have any doubts or suggestions please feel free to email me at st638@njit.edu. Keep learning. Thank you!

Commit message:

Updated README.md with solution for GitHub's issue of not being able to open .ipynb files

README.md, after:

# Udacity Machine Learning Nanodegree 
# Customer Segmentation Project

## Introduction

This is a project for Udacity's Data Scientist Nanodegree. In this project, I identified a group of people who are the potential core target for a mailing company by analyzing the general population. 
 I used unsupervised learning algorithm (K-Means) to cluster customers into groups based on the purchasing data.

## Concepts explored in this project:

Unsupervised learning algorithms like K-Means Clustering and Gaussian Mixture Model Clustering
- Feature Scaling
- Dimensionality reduction using Principle Component Analysis
- Outlier identification and removal
- Silhouette scores

To view the project, kindly open Identify_Customer_Segements.ipynb. 
To know the description of the features kindly refer the Data_Dictionary.md.

80% of the time was utilized pre-processing and cleaning the data. Hope you enjoy going through it :)

GitHub is having some issue opening .ipynb files. If you face this, kindly open https://nbviewer.jupyter.org in your browser and paste my github link. Now, you should be able to view the .ipynb file. Thank you.

If you have any doubts or suggestions please feel free to email me at st638@njit.edu. Keep learning. Thank you!
